hi everyone this fluorine so I thought
I'd do a little haul video I was
actually going to do a video for my
other channel since its I'm doing one
every day um but I couldn't think of
what i want to say as my favorite thing
today so I have the other channel to
current favorite think about it so as
I'm doing this I was hoping to be
motivated and think about something that
I would like to talk about but I got
some new things we like to get me things
um first of all I got these two sets of
Urban Decay eyeshadow our eyeliners
they're really really nice first time
ever got these I didn't like them but
then I decided that they were my
favorite um so I got this set which even
though the colors are all very very like
close to being the same they are a
little slightly different and I like
that they're all the travel size once
instead of the long ones because then um
you go through it faster you know what I
mean like if you have a full size one
you don't go through it as fast so I got
all those in the nice little Browns and
blacks and then for fun I decided I'd
get the color way too i don't know what
the difference is between this black and
the other black um but I don't know I
thought it was fun I I kind of want to
do um you know like the green like as my
like above my winged liner like you know
what I mean like to make my eyes really
pop I've green eyes blue would do the
same for some with blue eyes I also
really like when people with brown eyes
have you know that little pop of color
so you never know you never know so I
got that got this this is what I wanted
to get as a giveaway prize but instead I
got something else as a giveaway prize
my giveaway is going on right now um
previous video to this you can win you
can win this which is really cool which
I talked about in my giveaway so but
what I really originally wanted to get
but it was hard to get my only got one
so i go for myself I apologize comes in
like a velvet purple this actually seems
like it would be good to like use as
something like to store something in I'm
keeping this throwing away the other
part of packaging but I absolutely Urban
Decay 15th
sorry palette and the colors are pretty
cool I thought they are real nice um why
does it have this little thing there I'm
not really sure it has a mirror that was
my one complaint about this little thing
it doesn't have a mirror um these are
more realistic colors that would be nice
to use I know that this does something
unless it's not supposed to pop out oh I
don't know I guess you can just take it
out if you want and then it's got more
playful velvety stuff uh I'm not really
sure the point of that but uh cool just
so I got that mixed eye disease I love
Urban Decay's eyeshadows I think they're
all really really nice and if you ever
are thinking you need to get like an
eyeshadow palette I strongly recommend
the urban decay naked palette I've given
that one away in the past too because
they're quite shadows are amazing
eyeliners are amazing too I'm not
getting paid to say that I just really
like the products um also got a couple
other things I got this perfume um prada
candy I don't know if it's it's
exclusively at neiman marcus i believe
and that could just be in the US that's
the way it is but uh I ordered this
online cuz I got a sample of it it
smells so good my allergies are acting
real crazy today though let's break it
let's break it before we use it okay
goes something like this I don't want to
spread myself in the face but I collect
perfume too so actually smell a premium
um uh the other day which I want to
purchase two it's called Joe Malone and
it's it I don't it wasn't called
blueberry but it was something like blue
something and I smelt a sample of it I
got this for free to a little sample
thing I don't know it looks show you and
uh Neiman Marcus is website right now Oh
cute little baby candy one uh-huh you
got like a free thing if you buy the
perfume so i got my travelin and my full
size one it smells really really nice
and it will probably be I like to mix
perfume I have a perfume video as well
on here where I tell where I
to mix perfumes because you know you
want to have your own scent um but I
think this will be my new perfume and
then I'll find something to mix it with
and I have a feeling it would smell
really good maybe with that Joe Malone
but I don't know and then the other
things i purchased from Neiman Marcus
where this eyeshadow palette was was
worth was this eyeshadow palette from
NARS and it is the night series
eyeshadow palette I like their NARS
little eye shadow series how pretty are
all those colors they're just very very
pretty darks a little bit of light brown
green beachy it's really pretty it's
really funny I love that and then I
purchased as well they're larger than
life eyeliner in the green color because
I told you I was into the idea of making
doing that little you know above my
winged liner this is a really nice army
green color uh I bought one of these at
what's it called my allergies I'm sorry
um at a sephora in like the kind of
cream color and it actually stays on
your hand really nice I didn't put hard
landing on there because I didn't want
to but see I'm rubbing it and it's
staying really nicely so if you are
questioning like how long where it is it
really is long wearing at least on your
hand I don't know your if you put in
your eyes and stuff it's a little more
liquidy so maybe not as long wearing but
on your hand it stays real nice go where
hand makeup you know to get full use out
of it um but that's it for now um my
giveaway for the little Mariposa palette
um is still going on until the 21st
which is next friday and then i'm going
to think about what i want to do say as
my favorite thing on my other channel
now so um being productive have a good
day goodbye